docs: update docs with SDJWT example and make consistence revocation (#1205)
hyperledger/identus-cloud-agent: docs/docusaurus/credentials/present-proof.md

        "credentialFormat": "AnonCreds" 
      }'
```
</TabItem>
<TabItem value="sdjwt" label="SDJWT">

> i. `SD-JWT` The absence of the `cnf` key claim in the SD-JWT Verifiable Credential (VC) means that the Holder/Prover is unable to create a presentation and sign the `challenge` and `domain` supplied by the verifier

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a. `SD-JWT` The absence of the `cnf` key claim in the SD-JWT Verifiable Credential (VC) means that the Holder/Prover is unable to create a presentation and sign the `challenge` and `domain` supplied by the verifier
```

```bash
curl -X 'POST' 'http://localhost:8070/cloud-agent/present-proof/presentations' \
  -H 'accept: application/json' \
  -H 'Content-Type: application/json' \
 -H "apikey: $API_KEY" \
  -d '{
        "connectionId": "872ddfa9-4115-46c2-8a1b-22c24c7431d7",
        "proofs":[],
        "credentialFormat": "SDJWT",
         "claims": {
            "emailAddress": {},
            "givenName": {},
    `       "region": {},
            "country": {}`
         }
      }'
```

> ii. `SD-JWT` The presence of the `cnf` key as a disclosable claim in the SD-JWT Verifiable Credential (VC) allows the Holder/Prover to create a presentation and sign the `challenge` and `domain` given by the verifier. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
b. `SD-JWT` The presence of the `cnf` key as a disclosable claim in the SD-JWT Verifiable Credential (VC) allows the Holder/Prover to create a presentation and sign the `challenge` and `domain` given by the verifier. 
```

      }'
```
</TabItem>

<TabItem value="sdjwt" label="SDJWT">

```bash
curl -X 'PATCH' 'http://localhost:8090/cloud-agent/present-proof/presentations/{PRESENTATION_ID}' \
  -H 'Content-Type: application/json' \
  -H "apikey: $API_KEY" \
  -d '{
        "action": "request-accept",
        "proofId": ["{CRED_RECORD_ID}"]
        "claims": {
          "emailAddress": {},
          "givenName": {},
          "address": {
            "region": {},
            "country": {}
          }
        },
        "credentialFormat": "SDJWT"
      }'
```

The Holder/Prover will have to provide the following information:
1. `presentationId`: The unique identifier of the presentation record to accept.
2. `proofId`: The unique identifier of the verifiable credential record to use as proof.

> 3. `credentialFormat`: SDJWT.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. `credentialFormat`: SD-JWT.
```

> 4. `claims`: The Verifier requests certain claims to be disclosed. The path of these claims must be an exact match with those in the SD-JWT Verifiable Credential (VC).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. `claims`: The Verifier requests specific claims to disclose. The path of these claims must match exactly with those in the SD-JWT Verifiable Credential (VC).
```

> - 📌 **Note:**  When a SD-JWT Verifiable Credential (VC) has nested claims such as region and country within an address object, as shown in the example above, it falls under the Holder's responsibility to supply the right nested JSON structure for the claim attribute that is being disclosed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- 📌 **Note:**  When a SD-JWT Verifiable Credential (VC) has nested claims such as region and country within an address object, as shown in the example above, it falls under the Holder's responsibility to supply the correct nested JSON structure for the claims attribute(s) that is being disclosed.
```
